Smooth Smoothies | IBAT Web Design Portfolio | Mary Smith

Dublin's finest smoothie store. Offering tasty alternatives to sugary and unhealthy snacks for busy, on-the-go, on-trend professionals.





SMOOTH SMOOTHIES

Where flavour meets goodness.

Our world-class smoothies are great at any time of the day and offer a tasty alternative to sugary and unhealthy snacks!

Watermelon Wonder
Watermelon is a delicious and refreshing fruit that's also good for you. It is high in vitamin C, vitamin A and many healthy plant compounds, but contains only 60 calories per smoothie. And because watermelon has a high water content, our Watermelon Wonder smoothie is hydrating and helps you feel full.

Apple Delight
Apples are an awesome source of fibre and vitamin C. They also contain polyphenols, which can have numerous health benefits.  Apples have been linked to a lower risk of heart disease because they contain soluble fibre of the kind that can help lower your blood cholesterol levels. Studies have also shown that eating apples reduces the risk of type 2 diabetes.

Blueberry Surprise
Our Blueberry Surprise Smoothie is one of our top sellers. Blueberries are so tasty that many people consider them their favourite fruit. In fact, because they are low in calories and incredibly good for you., blueberries are often labeled a superfood. Blueberries have the highest antioxidant capacity of all the popular fruits and vegetables.

Lemon Luxury
Add zest to your day with our delicious Lemon Luxury smoothie. As a citrus fruit, lemons are high in vitamin C, which is a primary antioxidant that helps reduce your risk of cardiovascular disease and lowers blood pressure. Refreshing and energising - that's our Lemony Luxury smoothie!

Drop into our Smooth Smoothies store in the centre of Dublin's Temple Bar

Join our mailing list for news of our special offers and latest smoothie recipes.

ABOUT US
At Smooth Smoothies, we place natural goodness at the centre of everything we do.

Our award-winning smoothies are made only only the freshest of ingredients.

Drop into our Temple Bar store today and discover for yourself why we are Dublin's favourite smoothie outlet.


